Controlling keyboard shortcuts in KFM - Kolibri File Manager v0.47.

In panels:
1) Cursor update on the active panel:
   a) Up arrow and downwards (including keyboards, located in an additional part,) - cursor update on one position upwards or downwards. á) PageUp - page paging upwards.
   b) PageDown - page paging downwards.
   c) Home - in a beginning of the directory with files.
   d) End - in the end of the directory with files.
2) Tab - change of the active panel.
3) Enter - operation with the file on which position there is a selection cursor: à) an input(entrance) in a folder.
   a) Start of the program.
   b) To open the file in the registered application, according to a contents of the file kfm.ini, unit " < > files associations ".
4) Alt+F1 - call of the menu of choice of the disk displayed on the left panel.
5) Alt+F2 - call of the menu of choice of the disk displayed on the right panel.
6) Sorting files in the active panel:
   a) Ctrl+F3 - sorting according names.
   b) Ctrl+F4 - sorting according extensions.
   c) Ctrl+F5 - sorting according a size.
   d) Ctrl+F6 - sorting by date of modification.
7) Ctrl+R - repeated loading of contents of the directory in the active panel.
8) Delete and F8 - the deleting of the file on which is the cursor.
9) Insert - the selection by red colour of the file on which is the cursor and cursor update on 1 position downwards.
10) F4 - to open the file for editing in the registered application, according to a contents of the file kfm.ini, unit " < > files association1 ".
11) F7 - creation of the directory in the active panel.
12) F5 - copying file from the active panel in opposite.
13) F6 - moving of the file from the active panel in opposite.
14) Ctrl+A and Ctrl + (NumPad (+) Up) - selection of all files and directories in the active panel, except for the directory '..'
15) Ctrl + (NumPad (-) Up) - to deselect of all files and directories in the active panel, except for the directory '..'
16) Ctrl + (NumPad (*) Up) - to invert selection of all files and directories in the active panel, except for the directory '..'
17) F12 - program termination.
18) F1 - help, hot shortcut keys. The presence of the file kfm_keys.txt in the directory is required where the application is located.
19) Open file in other application with parameter:
   à) Shift + W - set background, mode: tile.
   á) Ctrl + W - set background, mode: stretch.
20) Alt+Enter - get for files and directories: location, name, size, amount of files and directories (including for a case of selection of separate files and directories).

In the menu of choice of the disk:
1) Up arrow and down arrow (including keys, located in an additional part of keyboard) - cursor update on one position upwards or downwards.
2) Enter - the choice of the disk on which position is a selection cursor.
3) Home and PageUp - cursor in a beginning of the list
4) End and PageDown - cursor in the end of the list.
5) Insert - load tray of selected ATAPI device.
6) Delete - eject tray of selected ATAPI device.
