 PHARAOH TOMB

The purpose of the game is to open passage by moving hieroglyphs on entrance
in the next room of the pharaoh tomb (8X8). You can exchange two hieroglyphs
located near each other on vertical or horizontal if after such transposition
a combination of three or more identical pictures abreast is generated. Such
lines are disappeared immediately, and free place is filled by hieroglyphs
which "falled" from top. Missing hieroglyphs are generated randomly. For
disappearing hieroglyphs points are added. For combination of hieroglyphs
number of points is calculated by formula L+(L+1)^(N-3), but no more than
20*L*N, where N is number of hieroglyphs in combination, and L is level number.
To pass to the next level it is required to remove certain number of
hieroglyphs (different on each level). From below of panel with hieroglyphs is
located field which indicates how many is passed and how many is remained.

1st level - 500
2nd level - 450
3rd level - 400
4th level - 350
5th level - 300
6th level and further - 50*(L+1)

On the first level combinations are composed from 6 states of hieroglyphs.
With each new level one new hieroglyph is involved, but no more than 10
(i.e. starting from 5th level and further 10 different hieroglyphs are
involved, not counting special ones).

Starting from 2nd level for each combination from 4 and more hieroglyphs,
and also for passing each fourth of level the player gets "free" hieroglyph -
it is usual hieroglyph (generated randomly), which keeps "in pocket" of player
and can be necessarily inserted by player to any place and replace thus
located there hieroglyph.

Starting from 3rd level for each combination from 5 and more hieroglyphs,
and also for passing each third of level the player gets "universal key",
which matches to any combination of hieroglyphs and to several different
combination simultaneously.

Starting from 4th level for each combination from 6 and more hieroglyphs,
and also for passing a half of level the player gets "space crooker",
which allows, when is used, to make 3 moves (not obligatory successive) at
diagonal.

The player can not have simultaneously more than 1 extra hieroglyph of each
type (1 usual, 1 joker and 1 crooker).

The game is ended, if the player can not make any combination with existing
hieroglyphs.
