KolibriOS allows some configures for user requirements. This file describes
such settings.
For this it is required to change files on ramdisk. If you boot from floppy,
there is no problem - change files on floppy. If you use floppy image
kolibri.img - either use program which can work with images (for example,
WinImage or DiskExplorer) or make changes from Kolibri and do not forget to
save ramdisk (with the application rdsave).

1. Desktop background.
a) Replace in the file autorun.dat (it is text file) the parameter for
   the program kiv ("\S__background.jpg") the name of file to the full
   Kolibri-path to JPEG-, BMP-, GIF- or PNG-image which you like. It will be
   new background. background.jpg now can be deleted.
b) Replace in the file autorun.dat "/RD/1/KIV \S__background.jpg" to
   "/rd/1/PIC4" (spaces are ignored by the loader program). You can delete
   BACKGROUND.JPG. New background will be nice texture.
   For programmers: you can change texture and color, for this in file
   pic4.asm from distributive sources change:
   * to change texture: value of variable usearray (string 585)
     from ptarray to any of ptarray2,ptarray3, ..., ptarray9.
   * to change color: in procedure check_parameters find string with
     the appropriate comment (string 127) and add to 0x40000 1 or 2.
   After changes recompile pic4, by request pack with kpack (in
   distributive is so), inject to ramdisk.
c) Two previous points sets background for a long time (until next
   reinstall). It is possible also after Kolibri boot to set background
   until next reboot in programs kiv, iconedit, pic4, tinyfrac.

2. Configure system menu.
   Data for system menu are placed in text file menu.dat. It can be edited
   in any editor keeping format. If you use Kolibri TINYPAD, you
   must disable option "optimal fill on saving".

3. Configure autorun.
   The list of programs, loading when system boots, is read out from
   text file autorun.dat. It can be changed in any editor keeping format.
   For example, you can add as first item start of application startmus
   (delay 1, without arguments) to hear distinctive melody each time at
   booting.
   For programmers: you can change melody, for this edit file startmus.asm
   from distributive sources: there you can choose melody from three existing
   or add your own - format of melody is explained in documentation on
   subfunction 55 of function 55.

4. Icons list.
   The list of desktop icons is kept in text file icons.dat, but to
   change the list it is recommended to use icon manager icon (which can
   be run from desktop context menu). Images for icons are kept in file
   iconstrp.gif, which must be edited by external graphics editor.

5. Skin.
   The skin can be viewed and changed dynamically with the application
   desktop; after you choose most likely for you skin, you can make it
   permanent by replace file default.skn, from which system loads skin at
   booting. Standard skin is included to ramdisk, some alternative skins can
   be found in distributive in the folder Skins. You can also create your own
   skin, for detailed comments look at distributive sources.

6. Sound.
   Driver sound.obj, which is located on ramdisk by default, is intended for
   south bridges Intel ICH, ICH0, ICH2, ICH3, ICH4, ICH5, ICH6, ICH7 and
   NVidia NForce, NForce 2, NForce 3, NForce 4. If you have SB16-compatible
   sound card, remove sound.obj and rename sb16.obj from the folder 'drivers'
   to sound.obj. If you have controller sis7012, rename sis.obj from root
   folder in distributive to sound.obj and copy it to floppy or image to
   the folder 'drivers' (replacing old). The driver fm801.obj can be useful
   for ForceMedia FM801 controller, the driver vt8235.obj - for VIA chipsets,
   the driver emu10k1x.obj - for EMU10K1X audioprocessor, all are intended to
   similar with previous case use: copy it to the folder 'drivers' as
   'sound.obj', replacing the old file.

7. Bus Disconnect.
   The application KBD (Kolibri Bus Disconnect) allows to disconnect processor
   bus in order to decrease its temperature, a side effect is noise in AC97
   codecs. The application can be loaded automatically at system boot, to do
   this add to autorun (file autorun.dat, see 3) a line of the form
"/RD/1/KBD             BOOT       20    # Enable Bus Disconnect for AMD K7 processors".

8. Network settings.
   Initial network configuration is read at boot from the ini file
   /rd/1/network/zeroconf.ini. You can set automatic detection with DHCP
   ("type=zeroconf") or fixed IP addresses ("type=static").

9. Configuration of videomode for ATI videocards.
   The driver for ATI can set required screen resolution with refresh rate
   at system startup, if they are supported. The list of supported modes
   can be obtained with the utility VMODE, it allows also manual mode setting.
   To set the mode at startup one must pass to the loader ATIKMS, described
   in AUTORUN.DAT, the argument -m<width>x<height>x<refresh>, e.g.

/RD/1/DRIVERS/ATIKMS -m1024x768x60 -1

   Pay attention that the format of autorun.dat does not allow spaces in
   command line, so there must be no other arguments.
   Also one can disable ability to change videomodes and all linked actions
   at startup by passing the argument -n. The driver will still support
   hardware cursor. To fully disable the driver, one can simply delete
   the line with ATIKMS from autorun.dat.
