Combination of control key to zSea v1.00 Beta (or the current version).

Main window:
PageUp - move the file pointer by one position to the top of the list.
PageDown - move the file pointer by one position to the end of the list.
Home - move the file pointer to the top of the list.
End - move the file pointer to the end of the list.
"0" (main keyb.) ¨ "*" (add. keyb.) - auto-scaling to fit the screen.
"+" - zoom in
"-" - zoom out
"|" (main keyb.) ¨ "/" (add. keyb.) - zoom to 100%
W - secondary window "Installing desktop pictures"
I - secondary window "Information about the file"
S - secondary window "Selects the sort mode"
O - secondary window "Application options"
Cursor arrows (main keyb. and add. keyb.)  - pictures shift if it is more than the display region.
Enter  (main keyb. and add. keyb.)  - display area on the all screen and return to normal.
PrintScreen - start SlideShow, stop by pressing Esc or Space.
Alt+F1 - activation of menu.

Menu:
Arrow cursor up and down - moving to item.
Esc - close window.
Enter - close the window with the confirmation item.
Arrow cursor left and right - to move into the adjacent menu.


Secondary windows:
Esc - close window.
Enter - close the window with the confirmation.
Arrow cursor up and down - moving to item.
"+" ¨ "-" change the numerical data.
Space - enable or disable the item if it's checkbox.

The windows do not use keys - all keys lead to the closure of the window.


OpenDialog - file open dialog (standalone program):
1) Move the cursor inside the panel:
   ) up and down arrows (including add. keyb.) - move the cursor one position up or down.
  ¡) PageUp - paging up.
  ¢) PageDown - paging down.
  £) Home - to the top of directory.
  ¤) End - to the end of directory.
2) Enter - file operations on the position of which the selection cursor:
    ) entrance to the folder.
   ¡) choose a file.
3) Using the menu:
   Alt+F1 - call the disk selection menu.
   Alt+F2 - call the sort menu.
   Alt+F3 - call filter menu.
   Inside the menu:
    Arrow cursor up and down - moving to item.
    Esc - close window.
    Enter - close the window with the confirmation.
    Arrow cursor left and right - to move into the adjacent menu.   
4) Ctrl+R - update the contents of a directory.
5) Backspace (left arrow next to the Insert) - output from the directory.
6) Insert - highlighted in red to file at the cursor and moves the cursor one position down.
7) Ctrl+A ¨ Ctrl+(NumPad(+) Up) - selecting all files and directories in the active panel, except the directory '..'
8) Ctrl+(NumPad(-) Up) - deselect all files and directories in the active panel, with the exception of directory '..'
9) Ctrl+(NumPad(*) Up) - invert the selection of all files and directories in the active panel, with the exception of directory '..'
10) Esc - end a program, without selecting the file.
